Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon. This, uh, good afternoon sir.
Good afternoon. Yeah, good afternoon sir.
So last plus I did not share to you the code.
Would I share it to you?
That is for, uh, ULA
algorithm four reinforcement policy
gradient today.
Very little topic I covered
that is called actor critic method.
After that, the last topic is going to be, um, next week
it's called proximal policy optimization.
So that will be like one week.
So by next week I will complete the course.
Following that week, I'll be complete.
I will be giving you some kind of, uh, thing on that is on,
next week is from four
and so 4th of February next week will be 11th February.
So 11th February or not, it'll be just, I'll show you some
of the example of large language model where
reinforcement learning is used.
Okay, so open. Sure.
So, uh, so basically you are getting bored, not getting any,
uh, what is called uh, application of this.
Let me share the screen.
So that is your,
so you are able to see the screen.
Uh, I am into the li, yeah. Yes, sir. Okay.
So last class I had shown you that how to
use this reinforce algorithm.
Okay? This is a manual algorithm for
fast policy gradient method.
So the method is for every policy gradient technique,
we have to find out what is the objective function
and then how to take the gradient of the objective function
with respect to the parameters of the neural network.
So the, the objective function is this expectation,
expectation of
your log probability
of action given as multiplied by the reward.
So reward, you can represent it in terms of Q value
or you can represent it in terms of uh,
just some of discounted reward also.
Okay, so the gradient is going to be nothing
but this expectation with respect to the gradient
of log probability of A given S multiplied by the return.
The return can be, it can be expected,
somewhat discounted reward.
Okay? So for granular reinforcement algorithm,
you have to fast for each
and every episode you have T capital T number of times step
over which you are stepping through.
That means you're changing the states for every
state transition, you are having some reward
and you get that reward, okay?
And you just multiply that reward
with the gradient of law, probability of a givenness.
So this lock prob of A given SI have shown you last
class that it is a neural network
by which you are basically sampling your
action given a state.
So whenever you are doing sampling,
it is returning a probability of the action to be chosen.
So from that probability, you can get a log probability of
that and that log probability is alone taken here.
This gradient has not been operated on. Okay?
So this log probability they are taking, so
whenever we are implementing, we have
only implemented this log.
Probability of action given is multiplied by the reward.
Okay? And you multiply that with your gamma factor,
keep doing submission for every timestamp that you take.
So you get a total reward for all the timestamps.
Then you use that value for your back progression.
Okay? So I will show you both the program today.
Then the, uh, today's topic is act, duty,
act duty policy.
Okay? So there was a big, uh, problem in uh, case
of reinforcement.
So here is the reinforcement thing.
The problem was there was lot
of variance of the reward that you are getting.
So I have already done it here, it'll show you the value.
Okay? So this is what the last plus I had shown you.
So if you are going over so many episodes, look at
your uh, reward that is expected.
Some of discounted reward, which you are maximizing.
It is having a lot of variance. It is going up.
Look at if going up 1 55 going down again, again,
up, down, down,
going up, okay?
At some position you have got 214, then you're going down
and suddenly at the episode of thousand,
you are getting 450.
So this is a lot of variance in there.
Expected sum of discounted reward. So we need to improve it.
So actor critic method, those who have found out, those
who have invented that method, they said that we need
to decrease this variance.
So for that, the mechanism that they proposed was basically
we need to go for two kind of neural net.
One is called actor, other one is called critique.
Just like Q learning, we have seen two Q2 network like that.
So actor is basically the policy optimization,
uh, parameters.
So given a state, what is the action you want to take,
that is the main job of your policy.
And value function means given the state,
what is the expected sum of discounted reward at
that particular state?
It doesn't take, it doesn't draw the value function.
Do not talk about what action you must take
with what probability.
Okay? So value function talks about irrespective
of any action that you take, it'll do a total aging
of all the action that you can take for every state,
and then it'll find out the total expected sum
of discounted reward under all possible action
for that particular state.
So that is called the critique method.
Critique method means it only, it is a expert.
Uh, we consider that is to be expert.
So if you have taken any action, suppose you are learning
drawing, if you go to any drawing teacher
to learn your drawing for first few days, he will train you.
After that, he will give you some small task.
And what happens to us is basically we
do a little part of that task
and then we ask the tutor
whether it was good stroke or bad stroke like that.
So the tutor will give you some kind of feedback, okay,
this stroke was good, we carry on this,
otherwise you erase this and do it again like that.
So with the same philosophy,
they have this thing called actor is the person
who is learning and critic is a person who can evaluate
what action you have taken.
So the critic network will use hello function, okay?
Some kind of hello function
or click Q function, an actor network.
They will use the policy gradient technique to learn
what action do be taken for a particular state
and what will be the probability for action, okay?
That is, is leading over here. Okay?
Now for doing that, again, the same algorithm is
look at this part, this part remains same Azure
reinforce algorithm of the ela ELA policy agreement.
Okay? Like this part remains same
because it is having a neural network
by which you are just sampling an action.
You take that sample value, take the lock prob of it,
multiply that with it with a reward value,
that reward you are taking from the queue function
value, okay?
Look at the difference between policy, uh,
your reinforcement,
and this is the reward that you're taking here.
This reward is the raw reward
that you are getting from the environment, okay?
And at every time step we can do the summation
in case of active critic method, they're saying that
the reward that you're going to take,
that should come from the Q function network
of the critic part.
That is a difference there.
Second thing is, so there is a two network.
One is called policy, other one is a value network.
So the policy network,
they will use the reward coming from the value network
and uh, your value network.
Now value network, it is going to update
its value function or queue function.
So the update of queue function
or value function, you already, you have done it using
TD learning or Q learning, right?
You have remembered those steps, okay?
So use that formula for doing the update
of your queue function weight.
So that same, there is no new theory coming up.
Now we are actually in a position to sum together all
of things that you have learned for last
or last, uh, that is beyond the model base.
So now whatever we're doing is model free.
So in that you have learned already Q learning
and your TD learning that that is this.
This update is called TD learning.
So you want to estimate the value of Q function
or state and action payer.
So what do you do? You take one random action from the new,
from the present state, you go into new state.
Under the new state, you are assuming that
under the new state you may have
so many different possibility of action for each
and every possibility of you have already the old estimate
of the queue, hello, use that.
That is reward plus of
new value coming from the queue function minus
of your present value of this is basically TD learning
applied on queue function.
Use that. That is your error on this error.
You are doing a back propagation. Okay?
So the, the way we do back propagation
for the mathematical writing part, we write that, okay,
you update your weight with the previous weight plus a
faster derivative of this Q function.
But the first order derivative is
not going to be available to you.
What you do is just take the raw value
of this Q function value, multiply that
with the error.
This error is the next state estimate the difference
between next state estimate, current state,
that area you multiply with your current value of Q
and then you give it to your loss backward function.
They'll do the job, okay?
You don't have to do this manual faster derivative.
So it is basically alternating update of two network.
The first network is a policy network.
When you update the policy network,
you don't update your value network.
You use the value coming from the value network, okay?
Then you completed your update of your policy network.
Then you go to value network.
And in the value network you apply
the studio learning mechanism.
You are, you are updating a value network
estimate whatever value we are getting.
You just keep it as it is.
Use that value net towards value
to update your policy network.
This is the mechanism. Okay?
Now I will show you the program,
okay?
So this is the program for your
ELA imports algorithm.
I will share it to you today.
Let me just start it from there.
Ela, after getting all of these,
so you have a state, uh, you have a environment from
where you're getting the total number of states possible
and for every state, what are the actions possible?
There are two actions for your carpool environment.
Either you go front or go back. Okay?
So this is a vanilla algorithm.
This is a policy class in which you are specifying.
There are two linear layers, okay?
The first one is taking into a hidden size. Hidden size.
The second one is taking from hidden
size to the action space.
A size is basically what a size is your state space
from the state space to the action space, action space.
That mapping. So you have
this function.
After that you have a act function.
Act function is basically the job
of act function is if you initialize this policy class,
the moment you call policy dot act, it'll give you a sample
of the action, okay?
And the way it is done is it'll ask for the state
for which you want to know what action to be chosen.
You take the state and give it to the forward function.
Who, what you going to give that state?
State you're giving to forward function.
We are going, the output
of the forward function is basically the probability
for every action possible.
Okay? So it is returning a probability.
Then you can use categorical to convert that into a
softmax level categorization.
So your aim is going to contain the probability, okay?
From the probability, if you call this aim dot sample.
So look at this aim is coming from categorical.
What is categorical?
Categorical is already defined to distribution.
So under this class you have a categorical function.
So naturally under categorical class also, you are going
to have a sample function available.
So this sample will give you sample of
that distribution, one sample,
and that sample is called action.
Okay? And the moment in this categorical,
there is another function called
log under scope probability.
It'll return you the log probability of that action,
which action, that action you're getting from the sample.
So this is we, we are going to call every time
to query our neur network that if I give you a state,
it'll give you a action.
Along with that, it'll give a lock code of the action.
There is the only class we have,
then we have a redeem for S.
So for inforce algorithm, we are accepting
the policy class, a object of policy, class,
optimizer, whatever optimizer you're using.
It may be Adam, it may be RMS, prop, anything, number
of your episode
and maximum number of timestamp within an episode.
That is max hundred t.
Then you have a discount factor, okay?
So when you are within an episode, like
inside this follow loop, you are going to have a list
of rewards for every episode.
You're counting the reward. You start your
game at this state.
Now you are going to do the stepping through
what all the states inside episode, okay?
So when you're doing stepping through,
you are first giving one state,
we want the action coming out from your policy, okay?
So you need this policy to attack to give you one
action from the policy.
Along with that, it'll give you a law probability, okay?
This law probability, you are basically appending.
This is a least law. Probability is a least.
Sorry, this lock prob is not a list.
This is a single fellow probability fellow. This is a list.
This list you are appending just
to store all the lock property for
the state action period that you have chosen.
Then you're stepping through,
you're getting a new state reward
and all, if the new state is going to be termination state,
then you are breaking out, okay?
If not, then you keep on adding the reward
and all This is
how we are calculating your, you are maintaining a queue
for the returns, okay?
And for that,
The return, uh, it is now a
queue, okay?
For a particular episode.
So for every time step you take, you are going
to have a reward coming up at that reward.
You are basically attaching every time, okay?
This is only initialization happening.
After that, you take this, multiply it with the gamma,
and then attaching at every timestamp, okay?
So that is how you store your reward.
So your reward, this return is basically is going to have
capital T number of element for every element.
It is having the return for that times step alone.
And for every times step, you are going to do this,
this operation, okay?
I will show you for every time step, for every times step,
we are going to do this operation
and this update of your weight parameter by the help
of the reward that is in available to you at
that particular timestamp, multiply
with the log prob of action.
So this gradient will not be there, okay?
In the, in the program.
So you are taking this return value, you are,
you are making the return value.
Now we are going to reuse them
whenever we are going to do the
loss function update.
So this return
after that, what they're doing
to make it more stabilized, okay?
They, they're reducing stable, uh, reducing instability.
Look at their to avoid instability.
What they're doing, this return is basically your uh,
add for every time step.
What is the return you are having? So it is now normalizing.
It. Normalizing means every element will be subtracted from
the average, average value divided
by this standard deviation.
So every element will become now normalized,
so no one will have too much fluctuation.
So it is just a normalized step here.
This step after that, we are having this return.
This is now added for total number of timestamp.
These are the values of your return, okay?
Now, once you have this return available, this to you,
then you have this save lock probability
that you are getting from here, save lock probability.
Here you have saving the lock probability.
Again, this is also added, okay?
This area stands for lock probability.
At every individual timestamp you have total
capital T number of timestamp.
Okay? So now we have two areas.
One area is, so lock probability, other one is return area,
and all of these two areas are having
capital T number of element.
Each element stands for lock probability
and corresponding return.
And next element will be lock
probability, corresponding return.
Just we want to do this job.
Now, this part, so a return multiplied by lock probability
of action, givenness.
So this will be going on and,
and then element by element,
multiplication and addition.
Because for all the state action where I want
to find out the total
multiplied value, okay?
So this, this, I'm not going to do the do this
for at every time step this update.
Now coming back here, so these are the two
areas you have already stored.
One is for your log probability, other one is
for your return, right?
You are storing them. You,
whenever you're calling them for a inside a fall loop,
you need to write this jeep so that it'll now become two
couple, okay?
And tap by tap, it'll take this values,
this lock probability and all this thing, okay?
So now we are multiplying them element
by element multiplication
and then offending that value into your policy loss.
Okay?
So this policy loss is going to be again, one list.
It is a, that is why we have, they have initialized
with this, okay?
So this is containing this multiplied value for element
by element wise.
After finishing up this follow-up,
then you are making the average of your loss this,
but this policy loss is your area.
You call this concatenation.
That means you're concatenating everybody.
And then doing the submission while doing this submission,
you can also divide despite the length
of this policy loss also
that will match more, stabilize your training.
Because this submission means at every time step,
whatever loss is there, you're doing all
the submission, okay?
The submission might be bigger help.
However, if you do this division with the total number
of elements, then it'll fall that become a smaller help.
You can do that, no problem. Okay? So that is a policy loss.
So this loss is calculated for one episode, okay?
Then you take this policy law gradient step.
Now what I, why I'm telling this, uh, program line
by line is because no, where you find I am using
a gradient multiplied by lock quality of action.
If you look at here this lock quality, I'm getting
this from this add
and this add, I have already shown you
what is coming from your sampling, your action function.
From there, this
area I'm forming, forming by the help
of law prob, what is law?
Prob law is coming from your
action, this action plus.
So know where I'm taking this into account,
this gradient, gradient of this.
So that is why I'm telling you these are all
approximation method.
Mathematically, if you want to do,
you must take the gradient of them.
But gradient is not a going to be possible
because there is no um, close formulation.
Close formulation means you don't have any equation
that, okay, action.
A at the state of ace can be expressed
by some function like theta one square multiplied
by S one theta two square multi theta two
Q multiplied by S two.
Like that. There is no such explicit relation, okay?
So we cannot mathematically write any gradient.
So neural network is a great approximation tool.
If you don't have any gradient, still the value,
if you get it, the value might be around us.
If you have the value, you give it to a back prop algorithm.
Only thing you would require is you look at large number
of samples so that whatever value we are having,
you'll be able to get the proper estimation.
So this is reinforced algorithm.
Now, I will share this to you today
and yes, now for the actor critic thing.
For the actor critic thing, this one, this for this program,
I have a program that I have got it from hugging face.
This is the hugging face program
for which I'm not satisfied.
The value because I'm getting a reward
at the end is negative.
This is a standard deviation, okay?
This is a standard deviation,
but the actual reward is coming up to me negative, which
that's why I'm not satisfied.
And this program I have taken from hugging face itself,
which is not my program, and see the documentation
and all available, it is available.
Yeah, it is having first program. This is called A two C.
That was Advantage Act critic.
I will share this program to you also,
but I'm not satisfied with this program.
However, this at method is just for your knowledge purpose.
This will not, this programming is not going to be coming
to your exam, okay?
Okay. But fortunately this Lillian Wayne, you look at this,
Lillian, I will give you this link also.
She has developed the program using, uh,
let me go to your chat window.
This is using TensorFlow.
Actually, I'm not comfortable in TensorFlow.
That's why I will not be able to show you the execution.
However, you can just upload this to your,
your copy paste and paste it to your Google collab.
You will be able to do that. I have shared it to you.
She has done a great job
and all the programs she has made in
what happened,
okay?
So this is the program for your actor critic
and reinforce everything.
This is the multicolor policy gradient.
This is basically reinforce.
So let me show you from this blog itself.
So whatever I have taught to you so far, Q learning
deep Q learning, everything is available here.
Lillian Wang's blog. But the program starting can flow.
You can also do one thing.
You can copy this program, give it to a chat GPT.
They can convert this program to your PY touch, okay?
But the logic remains same.
Only the way it is written is different in PyTorch.
And so you can very well go through this link, okay?
This very, very well maintained.
Everything is available in your TensorFlow.
This is the knife Q learning,
which you already know.
Then the DQ learning for which we regard to neural network.
Everything is given here.
Okay? So here is your granular policy gradient.
This one
or act, you can copy this, you
can give it to chat gt.
They can convert into pythons.
Now look at here, she has explained it very well.
Collect for our, we have two network.
One is your actor network, other one is your critic network.
Actor network is on the policy
and critic network is on the value value function.
Okay? So the policy objection rule is basically
you have to get your, you have
to get your log probability of action, multiply
with the gt.
This, this formula only.
This formula, this is what basically GT means here.
Reward at the time of T multiply
with the lock order of action.
Okay? Only thing is this reward.
You are not going to calculate just like we have done it in
case of manual policy grad.
Now you should get it from your critic network,
this reward, okay?
That is what this reward,
you should get it from critic network.
So for that, the reward
that they're taking is basically
you have to apply TD learning error to find out your error
that you are getting at the time.
Step T use that error
to update your value function at the critic critic network.
And you have to take a sample from the uh,
critic network for the particular state.
You will get a value function coming
out that value function.
Have to use it in here in the actor network.
So here is that. There is uh,
these are the inputs.
Input requires your state action definition
and uh, reward
for every state action pair,
which is coming from your environment.
So you have a act network dense under.
So NN means it is a dense layer of the neur network,
which has initial state is this.
These are the your hidden states. Okay?
Finally, it'll convert to the action space.
So if you look at, this is a list, okay?
This list has three element.
The first one is the dimension of your past hidden state.
Second was the dimension of the second hidden state.
Third one is a dimension of your action space
because the act actor network is a
policy network, policy network.
Man, it'll accept state.
It'll give you the output of action space, okay?
Critic network is a value network is a Q function network.
Basically, it is also a dense layer network,
which has same definition.
Now look at the differences here.
The third element inside the list,
because the first element is the dimension
of your hidden layer.
The first hidden layer, this 32 is a dimension
of second hidden layer of the critic network.
The one is basically there is only one neuron
in the output of your critic network.
Basically you are outputting your Q Health.
Q Hal means it is a scaler value, okay?
Qs, MI, that one you are outputting, so it'll accept state,
but they are not accepting SI they're just
taking states alone.
It is producing the value for state.
So basically now, although they have written Q value,
but it is actually VV value
and is Q value is a two dimensional thing,
state action payer.
But here they're producing only one value.
That means basically it is accepting state,
it is producing one.
Okay? So
after that, when they're using that network,
so this one, now that training, it is
inside critic train, okay?
There's, then it is actor train.
Actually, I'm not sure about all the tens loading
how they're, which particular network they're calling.
That is TF Square under uh, TF train.
They're calling tf.
You can do one thing, I am,
you are not having that much time.
You just copy this, give it to,
they can transform this into, you can give it to Germany.
They can translate to uh, your,
you can run it, okay?
However, I have this, uh, from hugging face, which
for which they have not written the
treating method by themselves
because they're using the library called
stable baseline three.
Stable baseline three.
This library is available from
where they're calling just uh, this thing, this,
you have to download this PIP install.
Under this, you have act critic function available A
to C, okay?
You can call this function with the model name
of your NEUR network.
It'll give you the act result.
I have a little function,
but I'm not have completed that program.
That's why I just, I was hesitating to show that
this act by touch,
but my program is not a completed.
This is also, again, Cardpool example
for act critic.
The policy class I'm showing now,
look at here the policy class.
I have a linear layer, which is taking my
input four dimension, going to hidden set of 1 28 dimension.
Okay? And then from 1 28 dimension, I am mapping it
to a only two dimensional action space.
This is called action head. Then I have a critic layer.
Pretty layer is, it is from 1 28 dimension.
It is going to only one neuron.
That means you're producing one value.
Now look at, in this case, the only problem
that I was facing is I am having a shared neural network
in which I have two neuron at the output space
representing my action and one neuron in my
output representing the value.
So it is not a two separate neur network.
It is one neuro network in the output space,
I have three neurons.
Two are for actor, one is for value.
Whereas in this implementation, if look at
that having two different network after three.
So you have two different neur network here, okay,
I'm getting some result, but I'm not satisfied the result.
That's what I was resisting before.
So then I have forward class.
In the forward class i, I am getting action probability.
If I call action head, I'm getting state value.
If I call value head, the action head value head,
they are two different this
and this, okay?
They are sharing this input space to the hidden space.
They're sharing only the output
having two different direction.
One goes to action head, other goes to value head.
So like that I'm having this
and this is the value amp printing from them.
Okay? So this is the model policy.
This is the model parameters and all.
Then I have this select action function
and I have finish episode function,
the select action function.
The job is if you provide a state,
it'll give you the action sample from the neural network.
Along with that, it's probably of that action, okay?
So if you give this state, okay,
it'll run the model.
The model is what model is defined here, run the model.
It'll give you the probability and the state value, okay?
From the probability, if you call categorical,
if you give you, it'll give you the distribution function.
Then if you call sample, it'll give you us action.
Okay? And you have the saved action.
Saved action is basically one function.
The saved action is basically one function in which you're
saving the log probability of action and stable.
That's it. Saved action is already dup, defined
save
will be saved, added.
Here it is added here.
Save is name double.
So after that, after doing this selection of action,
then you use that action, give it to your step function.
It'll give a new reward
and new state
use those reward and state repetitively
to find out your new reward
and state complete the episode.
So this finish episode is basically where you are doing this
gradient update of your policy, network and value network.
Both. Okay? The way we are running this is basically
for every episode, but every episode
you are starting from a
any initial state.
You have this may times step to be taken.
This is a card pool game.
So we have limited number of step 10,000 times step.
We can take under every times step.
We are only taking the action for every action,
whatever the next state and next reward
that we're going to get.
You are making this add to append the reward.
If the state has been termination, then you come out of this
traversal readiness episode.
So one episode is completed.
If you have encountered this terminated,
so when the episode is completed, then you must find out
your total sum of discounted reward.
Then on that reward, you are going
to apply this finish episode function.
This finish episode. What it is doing,
it doesn't take any argument, okay?
So it calculate the statewise
reward from that reward, the same model of your, uh,
policy gradient.
And then it is finding the average reward
with the average average reward.
Now look at here, this average reward,
I have got the average reward.
I have got my saved action from here.
So look at this value I'm get
from where I'm getting this value.
This value is something coming from our value network.
That is what I wanted to show you. The difference.
After you get all of their reward from this variable,
you have to call the value network.
Now, this value is basically your
Advantage, um, computing advantage I think,
but your difference
between Q function and your value function, okay?
And Q function for which we are using just the reward
that we have accumulated so far.
So if you remember your advantage computation,
what is the definition of advantage has been,
but in my P-P-T-I-I have long back written
the advantage means, yeah,
this is the advantage, okay?
Advantage means what is the benefit
of taking a particular action?
A from the same state of ace. Okay?
So that means difference between the Q function
that is under state and action pair with the difference
of value function.
So look at the value function of the state of is
can you delete between this and this?
What is the relation between them?
So total episode level versus individual actions. Now
No Q function also two compute Q function.
You need to go to the end of episode also.
Uh, okay, within, uh,
all the possible actions within the state
value based on all the possible actions within the state
Mm-hmm.
Within S state, okay? I'll tell you the differences.
I don't have the stylist. I kept it in office.
The value function is
you can get the value function from this queue also.
Okay? How it is
value function at the state of means, you have
four or five number of possible actions
to be taken at every state, okay?
For every state you have, uh, for every state you have
define possible action along with the probability.
So take one probability of a particular action, multiply
with the Q function of that state action pair.
Then do the submission across all possible action.
So view of a nothing
but some over action,
a some over action.
A pi A given is multiplied
by Q is combined, okay?
So pi A given is probability of choosing action at the state
of a, multiplied by
the value we are getting under this state action
pair at is QSA.
So PI A given is multiplied by this, take this submission
for all possible action.
That is your V function, okay?
So in other way, V function is the F average
across all action possible in a particular state.
And this is a particular health.
This is a particular health and this is a, okay?
So the difference between them is called advantage.
Suppose you have a hundred students in your class
and every student has its own particular school
in a particular subject.
If you compute average, you get a single value.
Now for every student, you take this difference, that means
how far he is from the average.
He might be below average, he might be above average.
So that difference, your only storing as your advantage.
So the advantage value can be positive,
can be negative, okay?
It has a great benefit
because it is only ODing the difference.
And not only that, it is also ODing positive or negative.
The moment it is negative, that means this action.
You need to reduce the probability
because this action a good action it is.
So you need to reduce the probability,
and that is what all of our
policy gradient mechanism objective is.
We will increase the probability of the action.
If the action is leading to a positive deter,
we'll reduce the probability of the action.
If the action is leading to a negative return,
this will greatly help us
and that is getting computed over there.
It is R minus of value.
And this value, actually it is coming from
your value head here, this value head,
this value head value is stored here at state value, okay?
From state value,
it is already getting stored in saved action.
So this saved, action added,
we have this saved action, added
saved action added is given.
So there is saved action here. There is a reward here.
So in all of this adding, we are storing
and this value will be fetch from them.
This value is basically this value is fetch from them.
Actually, I'm making these changes actually.
So that program is not completed so far
because here I'm taking the value from return, return,
I'm gain, uh, forming from here, this return
and this return.
I am having it from the model reward.
This model reward is nothing.
But again, I have
this, this state value.
I'm not able to use it so hard.
Actually, that's why I have not shared this program too.
So overall ideas like this, it is reduced, it is working,
but it is not producing a good result.
That's why I'm not giving you the program.
However, I will share you this program
and then you have this hugging phase.
You can this, I will share it to you.
Yeah, and you can also take this program,
convert this into your, this thing
by by touch.
So the heads here value head, attention head,
sorry, the action head.
Is it, is it something like this?
Attention heads, uh, this head.
What, what this head means action head and value head.
Just let me download and send it to, I will tell you
download.
Let me send it by email. Then I'll give you the answer.
Hmm. What did you
ask The heads, sir?
Hmm? The head? Yeah. What, what, what they mean?
Actually sir, well this is just a naming convention, okay?
This just a naming con. It is not
your uh, transformer.
I see. Okay. Multi attention head. It is not that.
Okay, here, just basically,
so that is one thing.
I have not been referring back to the textbook long time.
Go to the textbook chapter.
So we are currently in the chapter 11,
chapter 11.
This program I'm developing by going through this book,
like for hugging phase, they have, they have
this act activity program available,
but it is under the library called, uh,
stable baseline.
Yeah, inside the stable baseline.
If you go, uh, you'll be able to see that. Let me show you.
This is the place from where I'm building up. Yeah.
So
my idea was here,
single neural network.
The first two, the outputs space,
I'm talking about the first two neuro policy
output six.
Last output is called value out. Okay?
From here I'm trying to develop,
however, there are various kind of different implementation.
Every reinforcement learning research that I,
this one from li Lilian Wayne,
this is not a shared neural network.
It's two separate instance of neur network. Yeah.
So what you do, you can go here,
my program is not yet completed.
So you go to here and share
Just from the architecture I'm trying to write the code
code is not completed.
So you can ask this question
on what 10 flow
inflow is difficulty.
So much of variable spoke
and all, it'll do some job sometimes has done it.
Yeah. So it has done this job
or
yeah, it has done it very well.
So you can just take this, copy them,
give your, so here look at two separate instance,
two separate instance of your neur network
here.
Are they using cardpool or what anything can
to give the input?
There are active network. There are critic network here.
Okay? Yeah.
Two different network. Then when you're using forward
function, you have logics coming out from actor network.
You have Q hello coming out from critic network. Okay?
Then after all the input you have to add,
this is the only job we have to do after that.
This model,
you are in instant setting from the critique, which is going
to give you the policy output and the queue function.
So then you have this uh, critique output.
From the critique output you're using TD target, okay?
Now, this TD target, you have to make it from
where you're going to get TD target.
That is where here you need to write the code.
So from there you get TD error.
On the TD error you can apply,
uh, cost function.
That means of two, you get a loss on this loss.
If you do a back provocation, you are going to do the update
of your critic network level.
This is critic network. Uh, no loss.
Loss sees for critic, network
loss under code is the loss in, in your actor network
or each one of them have to update separately,
so it'll become too much heavy for you.
If I give you this as a home assignment,
how many assignment I have given so far?
I have given one Monte learning assignment.
I remember only that. Yes.
Monte assessment, only one.
Okay. As
do we able to do it to become too much hay volume?
You, yes, I would say Visa, sir.
So we can practice it by ourselves. It's fine.
Yeah, you can practice. Okay?
I'm not giving this as your home assignment.
Only thing you need to, you can give,
but not as a graded assessment.
One suggestion, okay?
You do by yourself at your home. Okay?
Do, do you have any question?
No question, sir. Thank you.
My implementation that I was doing is basically from the
shared network is from the book.
From this, this is also one strategy.
It is called synchronous policy update
because they're shared neuro network.
So all of them are getting updated at the same time.
It is synchronously updated
and what, this is basically two separating stuff.
They're called asynchronous advantage critic is
what is called a three C asynchronous advantage,
uh, critic.
So three A out there.
So there are two ways to do synchronous
and synchronous,
okay?
So you can log off them if you have no question.
Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir.
Okay, thank you, sir. Yeah, thank you. Yeah, thank you sir.